further clarify that informal collaboration is fine as well (#86)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4052bis: draft-iab-rfc4052bis.md

Standards Development Organizations (SDOs), consortia and industry
fora. This process is managed by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and designed such that the
IETF can effectively collaborate with other organizations in the

> international standards community when a formal process is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
international standards community when a formal relationship is required.
```

The IAB also serves as contact
point for any matters regarding liaison management beyond the scope of this document.

The IETF, as an organization, has the need to engage in direct
communication to coordinate joint activities with various other SDOs or similar formal
organizations involving Internet-related technologies. This is useful
in order to, e.g., avoid overlap in work efforts, and to manage interactions
between their groups. There are no contrains in the IETF process that

> requires any formal handling for such a communication and coordination to happen,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between their groups. The IETF process does not
requires any formal handling for such a communication and coordination to happen,
```

> however, sometimes a formal proces is requirement by the other organistaion or

Author: ```suggestion
requires any formal handling for such a communication and coordination to happen,
however, sometimes a formal process is required by the other organiztaion or
```

of one organization's dependencies on the other's work, if desired or required.

It is important to note that participation in the IETF work is open to everyone,
and all working documents and RFCs are freely available to everyone without
the need for a formal liaison relationship. Hence, in many cases the need
for a formal relationship is mostly driven by process restrictions or other requirements

> for collaboration within other organizations. However, for many other cases where no formal relationship with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for collaboration within other organizations. Also, in many other cases where no formal relationship with
```

a dedicated liaison manager is required and established, the IETF still closely collaborates
with other organizations, using informal or formal communication in form of liaison statements
(see also {{?I-D.iab-rfc4053bis}}).

If even tighter coordination is needed, independent of the existence of
an established formal liaison relationship, the IAB might consider
additional activities such as meetings or calls with the relevant
people (e.g. chairs, ADs, and authors). Such activities could be

> one-time events or organized in a standing groups. If appropriate, the liaison manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one-time events or organized in a standing groups. If a formal liaison relationship exists, the liaison manager
```
